there are very good people all how are they
echos are going them to kill a story ago
just a few minutes on the page
son's official bending facebook's
the radio company of the greim pro publish
three possible photos of what would be a
new together for the game
then you will see these images and
we're going to go re talking a little bit
bit
in my opinion honestly not the other
I like it differently but it's not like I
like to the point of saying I do not want now
It bothers me a lot where the
backpack to the right side of the manna life
and all that I would like to be able to
exchange so much put it to the
left or right against the corner
lower left also of the
screen but good that will be seen
it's still not certain that I'm going
to leave but if the radio public of the
official facebook page of them
it will surely come out to me I would like
a lot and I do not think I 'm the only
what rays enable an option in which
the summoner can choose whether to stay
with the old hood or use this
in the images we see many changes
quite notorious is not that it changes a
little bit the icon of the character is
pretty copado the textures have a
most alive color so to speak
where it would be represented so to speak
the quilas deaths the assists the
gold and all that is quite flight not
takes up space but is darker than the
previous but that's the least of it is for
me the notion and tourist but basically
I notice it pretty good I would like to like
I already say change that backpack
which is on the right side of the bar
Manna life that they put in the past
how it was and where it tells you all the
damage statistics or armor all that
they are a little more colorful like the
backpack basically also like as the
map so good is a news a
little bit quick for those who are not
so much and the next videos are waiting for us
a big hug until next time